c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\bin\Debug\Numerical.exe.config
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\bin\Debug\Numerical.exe
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\bin\Debug\Numerical.pdb
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Play1.g.cs
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Play1.baml
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.g.resources
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.exe
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.pdb
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Start.g.cs
c:\users\march\onedrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Start.baml
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\bin\Debug\Numerical.exe.manifest
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\bin\Debug\Numerical.application
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.exe.manifest
C:\Users\march\OneDrive\เอกสาร\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Numerical\Numerical\obj\Debug\Numerical.application
